Docs Overhaul (#1849)
PelicanPlatform/pelican: docs/pages/getting-started.mdx

Reviewer: Let me know if you want to discuss my rewrites here.

they need to find the source of any object. Whether you know the `pelican://`-url name of your object or not, you can find a quick tutorial for interacting
with data using the Pelican command line client at [Accessing Data](./getting-started/accessing-data.mdx).

For more complete walkthrough of Pelican's clients, see [Getting Data with Pelican](./getting-data-with-pelican.mdx), which discusses each of Pelican's
clients and explains how to find detailed documentation for each.

## Adding Your Data To an Existing Federation

Integrating your data with a Pelican federation starts by serving an Origin in front of whatever service already holds the data. Origins are a critical
component in Pelican federations because they act as the adapter plug that lets a broad variety of storage technologies (posix, S3, HTTP, Globus, etc)
interact with Pelican's clients and caching infrastructure.

For a more complete discussion of Origins and how you can run your own, see [Federating Your Data](./federating-your-data.mdx).

## Sharing Your Storage Resources

> Pelican federations are built from the ground up with distributed object caching in mind. This lets well-established federations like the [OSDF](https://osdf.osg-htc.org/),
> where there are many highly-performant cache machines plugged directly into network backbones like ESNet and Internet2, operate much more efficiently.
> 
> If you or your campus have a storage allocation through something like the NSF's [CC*](https://new.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/cc-campus-cyberinfrastructure) program, or
> you're otherwise interested in establishing a cache for your institution or the broader OSDF, see [Operating a Federation/Cache](./operating-a-federation/cache.mdx) for more
> information.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pelican federations are built from the ground up to take advantage of distributed object caching.
Pelican Caches enable a federation to distribute data - especially frequently reused data - even more efficiently.

That means that even if you don't have data to share in a federation, you can help a federation run more efficiently by serving a cache that utilizes your existing storage resources.

If you are interested in contributing a cache to an existing federation, see [Operating a Federation/Cache](./operating-a-federation/cache.mdx) for the general process.

### Sharing your storage resources with the OSDF

Have storage but don't know any federations to share it with? 

Consider contributing to the Pelican flagship [Open Science Data Federation (OSDF)](https://osdf.osg-htc.org/).
This well-established federation is used to distribute data within the [OSPool](https://osg-htc.org/services/open_science_pool.html), a national distributed computing system that is accessible to any researcher affiliated with a US academic institution. 
The OSDF is connected directly with network backbones like ESNet and Internet2, enabling researchers across the country to incorporate their data in their OSPool workloads.

> NOTE! If you or your campus have a storage allocation granted through something like the NSF's [CC*](https://new.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/cc-campus-cyberinfrastructure) program, contributing storage to the OSDF can help satisfy some grant requirements.
```

> ## Starting Your Own Federation
> 
> The process of running/managing a Pelican object federation involves setting up two primary services: a Registry and a Director.
> These services are called the federation's "Central Services", and together they handle the registration/verification of Caches and Origins (Registry),
> and maintaining an understanding of where clients should be sent to interact with objects (Director).
> 
> You can find more information about operating these services in the [Operating a Federation](./operating-a-federation.mdx) section. Information specific to
> Directors can be found in the sub page titled [Director](./operating-a-federation/director.mdx) while information for Registries can be found in the sub page
> titled [Registry](./operating-a-federation/registry.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Starting Your Own Federation

The Pelican flagship [Open Science Data Federation (OSDF)](https://osdf.osg-htc.org/) is a highly-performant, well-established federation connected directly with network backbones like ESNet and Internet2. 
But if the OSDF does not do not meet the requirements for your data distribution needs, you can still leverage the power of Pelican by launching and maintaining your own Pelican federation.

The process of running/managing a Pelican object federation involves setting up two primary services: a Registry and a Director.
These services are called the federation's "Central Services", where the Registry handles the registration/verification of Caches and Origins and the Director keeps an up-to-date list of where to send clients that want to interact with objects in the federation.

You can find more information about operating these services in the [Operating a Federation](./operating-a-federation.mdx) section. Information specific to
Directors can be found in the sub page titled [Director](./operating-a-federation/director.mdx) while information for Registries can be found in the sub page
titled [Registry](./operating-a-federation/registry.mdx).

```

> **NOTE:** Make sure you use the authorization method required by the maintainer of the namespace within the federation (which may not be the same as the
maintainer of the federation).

### Serving An Origin
If you maintain the storage for the data you want to share, you can connect your storage system to an existing federation.

Integrating your data with a Pelican federation starts by serving an Origin in front of whatever service already holds the data. Origins are a critical
component in Pelican federations because they act as the adapter plug that lets a broad variety of storage technologies (posix, S3, HTTP, Globus, etc)
interact with Pelican's clients and caching infrastructure.

For a more complete discussion of Origins and how you can run your own, see [Federating Your Data](./federating-your-data.mdx).

> **NOTE:** You should contact the federation maintainer to discuss their requirements/recommendations for setting up an Origin.

## Sharing Your Storage Resources

If you administer storage resources and you want to share them with a Pelican federation, you can do so by:<br />

> **a)** Serving a Cache, or<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**a)** Serving a Cache ([see below](#serving-a-cache)), or<br />
```
